# ofxLibigl
### libigl - A simple C++ geometry processing library
Will support both Libigl-legacy and Libigl as we go further

![](https://github.com/libigl/libigl/raw/5ff6387765fa85ca46f1a6222728e35e2b8b8961/libigl-teaser.png)

libigl is a simple C++ geometry processing library. We have a wide
functionality including construction of sparse discrete differential geometry
operators and finite-elements matrices such as the cotangent Laplacian and
diagonalized mass matrix, simple facet and edge-based topology data structures,
mesh-viewing utilities for OpenGL and GLSL, and many core functions for matrix
manipulation which make [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org) feel a lot more
like MATLAB.

It is **a header-only library**. You do not need to compile anything to use,
just include igl headers (e.g. `#include <igl/cotmatrix.h>`) and run.  Each
header file contains a single function (e.g. `igl/cotmatrix.h` contains
`igl::cotmatrix()`). Most are tailored to operate on a generic triangle mesh
stored in an n-by-3 matrix of vertex positions `V` and an m-by-3 matrix of
triangle indices `F`.

## Dependencies
Dependencies are on a per-include basis and the majority of the functions in
libigl depends only on the [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org) library.

For more information see our [tutorial](http://libigl.github.io/libigl/tutorial).

### Optional Dependencies

Libigl compartmentalizes its **optional** dependences via its directory
organization in the `include/` folder. All header files located _directly_ in
the `include/igl/` folder have only stl and Eigen as dependencies. For example,
all of the headers that depend on CGAL are located in `include/igl/copyleft/cgal`.
For a full list of _optional_ dependencies check `optional/CMakeLists.txt`.

## License
libigl is primarily [MPL2](http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/) licensed
([FAQ](http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/FAQ.html)). Some files contain
third-party code under other licenses. We're currently in the processes of
identifying these and marking appropriately.

## Attribution
If you use libigl in your academic projects, please cite the papers we
implement as appropriate. To cite the library in general, you could use this
BibTeX entry:

```bibtex
@misc{libigl,
  title = {{libigl}: A simple {C++} geometry processing library},
  author = {Alec Jacobson and Daniele Panozzo and others},
  note = {http://libigl.github.io/libigl/},
  year = {2017},
}
```

## Copyright
2017 Alec Jacobson, Daniele Panozzo, Christian Sch√ºller, Olga Diamanti, Qingnan Zhou, Sebastian Koch, Jeremie Dumas, Amir Vaxman, Nico Pietroni, Stefan Brugger, Kenshi Takayama, Wenzel Jakob, Nikolas De Giorgis, Luigi Rocca, Leonardo Sacht, Kevin Walliman, Olga Sorkine-Hornung, and others.

Please see individual files for appropriate copyright notices.